Uncle Zhang, I dare not
Why not?
Uncle Zhang
The root cause of your disease has not been completely eradicated
Blood is at risk of recurrence
I went down the mountain this time mainly to treat him
In addition, Xueyao and I are under the Lianxin Curse
I can totally undo it.
But then
He will forget everything before
Can't get back the past memories
I completely forgot about myself
I don't want to.
I really dare not.
Ye Sheng, are you really not going to the company with me?
I have something else to do
Go right over
Have you figured out that you want to be with me?
Miss Huang
Xueyao and I are starting to officially live together
It's not convenient for you to live here
I've called the moving company for you. It'll be there in a while.
Oh, there are so many empty rooms.
I won't disturb you.
My second uncle is not with me
So
You don't have to waste your time on me